docs: fixed the broken docs which was replaced due alef (#326)
Goldziher/html-to-markdown: docs/configuration.md

| `strip_tags` | `array` | `[]` | Tags to strip entirely (only text content is preserved, no Markdown conversion). |
| `preserve_tags` | `array` | `[]` | Tags to emit verbatim as HTML instead of converting to Markdown. Counterpart to `strip_tags`. |

### Parsing

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
|--------|------|---------|-------------|
| `encoding` | `string` | `"utf-8"` | **CLI only.** Character encoding of the input file or stdin. The value must be a label that the WHATWG Encoding Standard recognises (`"windows-1252"`, `"shift_jis"`, `"iso-8859-1"`, etc.). The core library stores but does not use this field; decoding happens in the CLI before the string reaches `convert()`. |

### Debugging

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
|--------|------|---------|-------------|
| `debug` | `bool` | `false` | **CLI only.** When true, the CLI prints diagnostic lines to stderr after each conversion (e.g. `"Generated 1234 bytes of markdown"`). The core library stores but does not act on this field. |

### Metadata Extraction

| Option | Type | Default | Description |
|--------|------|---------|-------------|

> | `extract_metadata` | `bool` | `false` | Populate `result.metadata` with title, headers, links, images, and structured data. |

Reviewer: `extract_metadata` default is `true`, not `false` (`crates/html-to-markdown/src/options/conversion.rs:142`). The description also overstates the field — it populates `result.metadata` and (where applicable) `result.tables`; it does not gate headers/links/images/structured-data because those toggles don't exist as separate fields.

```suggestion
| `extract_metadata` | `bool` | `true` | Populate `result.metadata` (and `result.tables`) with extracted document metadata. |
```

| `extract_document` | `bool` | `false` | Extract document-level metadata (title, description, charset, language, Open Graph, etc.). Requires `extract_metadata`. |
| `extract_headers` | `bool` | `false` | Extract heading elements with level, text, and id. Requires `extract_metadata`. |
| `extract_links` | `bool` | `false` | Extract anchor tags with href, text, rel, and link type. Requires `extract_metadata`. |
| `extract_structured_data` | `bool` | `false` | Extract JSON-LD, Microdata, and RDFa blocks. Requires `extract_metadata`. |

> | `max_structured_data_size` | `int` | `100000` | Maximum byte size of structured data blocks to extract. |

Reviewer: None of `extract_document`, `extract_headers`, `extract_links`, `extract_structured_data`, `max_structured_data_size` exist on `ConversionOptions` (`crates/html-to-markdown/src/options/conversion.rs:61-127`). Please remove these five rows. If they're a planned feature, land them in the Rust core in a separate PR and let alef regenerate the bindings + docs.

```suggestion
```
